Cloud computing with AWS :

How does dev_ops fit into the cloud computing ?

What is 2 tier arhitecture ?And what do we need to do 
to implement that in terms of arhitecture ?


What is the comparison with the monolith arhitecure ?

Which are the main key points when we refer to the Cloud Computing?
1) What is cloud computing
2) what are the benefits
3) why should we use it ?

The main characteristics of Dev_Ops are : 
1) robust
2) speed
3) flexibility
4) it has a large volume of services 
Benefits of using Cloud Computing:
1) a lot of power 
2) a lot of cooling
3) data ceters all over the world
4) it helps us release the software fast
5) AWS is the market leader - it started in 2006 is the most established provider;
6) offers a large volume of services




The video about the Google servers in America:
1) Is just a node
2) High level of security -- second to none
3) Several layers of security
4) Security offered via laser beems  underfloor security
5) Drives fails once in a while and get changed
6) Ultra secured cage with cooling with water
7) Their motto is  : challenging the way we do things - innovation 
8) It's seccure 

on the wesite 

When choosing to deploy to cloud we need to think about: 
1) Op Ex -- operational expenditure ;
         -  cost of operations=#
         -  firewall
         -  security guy


What is refactoring into 2 tier arhitecture?


1) Put it into 2 different servers
2) It is beneficial for small apps
3) Not useful when scaling.
4) We use it when we have to have a data layer separate from the front end

AWS --IS A CLOUD PROVIDER:

How do they mange their services ?

We need to deploy the app in  to the right location to make sure it is faster.

why do we need more than 1 avvailability zone ?


in case one has a fault ...

It shoudn't have a single point of failure.


the traffic/user will be redirected into the 
availability zone which is available.

you deploy your app in multiregions- in AWS and AZURE 

for example ; 

HIGH BENEFITS :

high availability
high scalability


















































